Document how to update when changing a multiselect base answer (#1781)
copier-org/copier: docs/updating.md

copier update --defaults --data updated_question="my new answer"
```

> Note: it is not yet possible ([ref. issue](https://github.com/copier-org/copier/issues/1474)) to update a multiselect base choice that way, for example a value that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: it is not yet possible ([ref. issue](https://github.com/copier-org/copier/issues/1474)) to update a multiselect choice that way, for example a value that
```

looks like this in the file `.copier-answers.yml`:
```yaml
python_tested_versions:
    - "3.10"
    - "3.11"
```

> As a workaround, you need to use the `--data_file` option instead. See [here](https://copier.readthedocs.io/en/stable/configuring/#data_file) for usage information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a workaround, for now you need to use [the `--data-file` option][data_file] instead.
```

copier update --defaults --data updated_question="my new answer"
```

Note: if that question is a multiselect base choice, e.g.:
  ```yaml
  python_tested_versions:
  - '3.10'
  - '3.11'
  ```

> then you first need to create a file outside of the directory, e.g. `~/tmp/copier_answer.yaml`, with the content you want, e.g.:

Author: Thanks! I made a change to use this instead.
